Resolves Issue #2978 - Link section for disabling file based logging to Databricks docs (#3242)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/deployment/databricks/databricks_deployment_workflow.md

This command creates a new Kedro project using the `databricks-iris` starter template. Name your new project `iris-databricks` for consistency with the rest of this guide.

 ```{note}

>  If you are not using the `databricks-iris` starter to create a Kedro project, then you should [disable file-based logging](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/logging/logging.html#disable-file-based-logging). This prevents Kedro from attempting to write to the read-only file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you are not using the `databricks-iris` starter to create a Kedro project, then you should [disable file-based logging](../../logging/logging.html#disable-file-based-logging) to prevent Kedro from attempting to write to the read-only file system.
```
